{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Quick Update for Danny \u8212- Feb 22, 2026\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Hey Danny!\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 So sorry the lunch fell through \u8212- let's catch up soon. Here's where things stand and what I need from you.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 What's Changed Since Your Draft\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I made a few tweaks to tighten things up:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added clearer language around KS2 (that's the second Kickstarter campaign)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Filled in the revision rounds (2 rounds included per deliverable)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added a trademark license section so your brand is protected\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Added more detail on Net Receipts so it's clear what royalties are based on\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Everything else stays the same \u8212- same rates, same percentages.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 What I Need From You\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 These are the things only you can answer:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 1. What exactly is included in "Hamsters & Monsters"?}\line We need to list out the factions, characters, terms, and anything else that's part of the universe. \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2. When do I need to launch the Kickstarter?}\line I need a hard deadline for KS1. If I miss it, the rights come back to you \u8212- so let's pick a date that gives us enough runway.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 3. What's the deadline for finishing fulfillment?}\line Same idea \u8212- when does the "clock stop" on KS1?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 4. Landing page art + logo}\line This was TBD in your draft. Can we lock in the scope and price so I can budget properly?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b 5. Marketing assets}\line What exactly is in the "marketing pack"? I want to make sure we're on the same page about deliverables. I'd like to be able to use some of your existing art as promotional opportunities for the game. I also want to be able to build a landing page using some of that art to send people to for email harvesting so that I can publicize the game. \par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 What's Next\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Once we fill in these blanks, I'll send the full agreement to attorneys so that I can figure out the right attorney to pick. That attorney will draft the agreement so that I can share it with you and then you can send it to your lawyer for review (I'll cover up to $750 as we discussed).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 After your lawyer signs off \u8594 ? we both sign \u8594 ? you start making art! \u55356 ?\u57256 ?\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Timeline Estimate\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b This week:} Fill in the blanks above\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Early March:} Agreement to your lawyer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Mid-March:} Everyone signs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b March 15:} You start on faction art\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 That's it! Let me know when works for dinner. Looking forward to it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8212- Drew\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 P.S. \u8212- The full comparison doc is here if you want all the details along with the "sharpened" revision.\par}
}
